###   Retrospective: CheckerBoard

1. I did quite well on this assigment, and met every requirement. I got intellgently alternating the colors correct, as well as altering the board from the UI. There was nothing done wrong in my work, however there was one thing that was done much better in the solution. For my project, the board only resizes properly when done with the "pull arrow" on an edge. If the maximise button is use, the board remains the same size and is surrounded by white space. If it is restored to a window, the board becomes distorted and goes outside the scope of the window. Once it is resized with the arrow, the board is fixed. This is due to how the size of the board is calculated, as it does not get the new height and width when the maximise button is used. Resizing the board appopriately was the hardest part.

2. I understood the concepts and knowledge for this challenge extremely well. Most of the concepts used in the project were very basic foundational knowledge regarding both object oriented programming and programming in general. The one exception to this was regarding lambdas, such as the one used for the changelistener in the challenge, as I had little experience with them at that time. 

3. There was one general requirement that I did not meet, and that was regarding the CheckerBoard class. I used a different class, BoardGenerator, instead of CheckerBoard when I fulfilled the requirements. Outside of that, I met every requirement listed.

4. My solution is nearly identical to the given solution. There are only a couple notable differences, the first of which is that the posted solution uses a StackPane while mine uses an AnchorPane. The second difference of note was spoken of earlier, which is how the board size is calculated. The given solution appears to always render the board properly, no matter how it is resized. This is different from my solution which does not render properly when the maximise button is used. 

5. Going forward, I would improve by correcting the resizing issue. Outside of that, there is little I can see to improve upon beyond commenting my code or going above what is required. There is nothing that I do not understand regarding the challenge. 
